# TAs

There will be a couple TAs available to help you with your projects. Here's what
you can expect from them:

## Availability

There are no fixed hours when TAs will be available, they will check the
repository issues when they have time. You will need to learn how to manage your
work so that you always have something to work on even when one of your tasks is
blocked waiting for help.

## Review Calls

Depending on their availability, TAs may schedule group review calls for one
group or the whole class. They will use your issues & projects to know what to
review - so be sure to learn in public!

## Groups

All TAs are here to help everyone, and they can help every group with technical
issues.

But, each group will have 1 TA that works closest with them. When you have
bigger questions about your project's direction, would like your project
reviewed, or need help making a decision you should go to your group's TA first.

## Focus and Scope

Your TAs' main role is to help your group's project stay focused, in scope and
on time.

If you are having trouble with something that is outside of your project's focus
or scope, they may not answer your question. Instead they will either help you
find a more manageable way to solve the problem, or even tell you to this aside
entirely.

If they find your group's project is wandering or growing beyond scope, they
will tell you to revisit your plans or even to remove parts of your project.

## Asking For Help

Your TAs are here to help answer questions that you and your classmates cannot
figure out on your own. When you tag or assign a TA to ask for help, be sure to
show them everything you've tried on your own _and_ how your classmates tried to
help you.

If you don't share this information when you ask for their help, they may not
answer your question until you do.

## Giving You Answers

The main objectives for this project is learning how to plan, collaborate and
deliver a meaningful solution. Technical details are important but not the main
learning objective.

So, your TAs will often just give you the answer when you ask for help with your
code or another technical problem.

But, they will not give you the answer when you encounter bigger challenges in
your project. They will help your group come to your own answers.

And keep in mind: you're working on open-ended projects that no one has done
before. Your TAs probably won't have all the answers anyway!

## Group Dynamics

TAs are not here to make decisions for your group or tell you who is right and
who is wrong in the case of a disagreement. You can ask a TA to help resolve
these problems in your group but their role will just be to listen and ask
questions.
